Let us start by making this usable again because that's the most important thing.
The fix here of course is to make this scroll label because if we can scroll this view then we can reach
this button down there again.
So back on the start game screen we need the good old scroll view again which we import from React Native
and now we can use that to wrap our view which surrounds our screen detachable touchable without feedback
button in this case with the scroll view.
So let's use a scroll view to surround our entire screen here.
Our entire component in the end and with this this is now scrolling all the advantages that we're now
the keyboard is open on ours.
We can scroll a little bit but we still have the problem that it bounces back.
So that's not perfect but at least we can reach this button and we'll take care about the keyboard in
a second and we can now use the app again because now we can start the game again now on the game screen
by the way.
We have a similar problem on the small Android device.
We have such little height available that we can't even see our log.
We can scroll it but yeah that's not too convenient.
And here on our west we also don't we have a big log so there we might want to use a totally different
layout for example or.
Well whatever we'll have to see.
But before I focus on this screen there also is when everything we've fixed the scrolling.
That's good.
But we still have two other problems on the start game screen.
If I change something change it back just so that this restarts we have to the layout.
I'm not happy with with the buttons though it now looks different than before and we'll come back to
why in a second.
And while the keyboard.
That's the real issue here so what can we do about this to fix that keyboard issue.
There's never a component you can import from React Native and that's the keyboard avoiding view.
That's a view a component you can use to wrap your component with in this case inside of that scroll
view and that's important use it instead of the scroll view and then wrap your entire touchable without
feedback component with it to make sure that your keyboard your soft keyboard when it opens up never
overlays the input you're typing in.
And for Dad you can all configure the keyboard avoiding view.
You can set a behavior dear that accepts different values and set this to position here.
And I'll come back to different behaviors you can set up and how they differ in a second.
With that added here on IAW you'll now see that this slides a little bit when we open the soft keyboard
when we start typing doesn't slide enough.
But for Dad we can also go back here and set the keyboard vertical offset to a number for example to
30.
This is the amount of pixels that slice it up.
And this should be the height of your input typically or around the height of your input.
And now to slide it up so that we can always see this which is great.
It now never overlays our input here.
Now setting this to behavior position simply means that it reposition the entire screen by 30 pixels
basically.
It could also set us to padding so did that pattern gets added at the bottom to slide everything up.
And last but not least you can also change the overall height of the screen a little bit.
Now typically on ISIS it works best if you use position and on Android it works best if you get use
padding.
And later in this module you'll learn how to find out on which fled from your running on.
For now I'll use position here with that we fixed the keyboard issue.